[oneTBB] Add spec changes for std::invoke feature (#497)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/named_requirements/flow_graph/cpp17_sequencer.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2019-2023 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

==============
Cpp17Sequencer
==============
**[req.cpp17_sequencer]**

> A type `Sequencer` satisfies `Cpp17FunctionNodeBody` if it meets the following requirements:

Author: ```suggestion
The ``Sequencer`` type satisfies `Cpp17FunctionNodeBody` if it meets the following requirements:
```

> * The `CopyConstructible` requirements from [copyconstructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `CopyConstructible` requirements from the [copyconstructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard.
```

> * The `Destructible` requirements from [destructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Destructible` requirements from the [destructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard.
```

> * The `Callable` requirements from [func.wrap.func] ISO C++ Standard section for arguments types ``const T&`` and return the type ``size_t``

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Callable` requirements from the [func.wrap.func] section of the ISO C++ Standard for the ``const T&`` arguments types, and returns the ``size_t`` type. 
```

>   where ``T`` is the corresponding template argument of the ``sequencer_node``.

Author: ```suggestion
Where ``T`` is the corresponding template argument of the ``sequencer_node``.
```

> Considering ``s`` to be an object of type ``Sequencer`` and ``v`` to be an object of type ``const T&``,

Author: ```suggestion
Considering ``s`` to be an object of the ``Sequencer`` type and ``v`` to be an object of the ``const T&`` type,
```

applying ``std::invoke(s, v)`` returns the sequence number for the provided message ``v``.

> **_NOTE:_**  It allows to pass pointer-to-function or pointer-to-member of the class ``T`` as a body of ``sequencer_node``.

Author: ```suggestion
**_NOTE:_**  You can pass a pointer-to-function or a pointer-to-member of the ``T`` class as a body of ``sequencer_node``.
```
